[MTM-63365] adapted table and parameters about microservice-maven-plugin-in and version info (#3339)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/microservice-sdk/java-bundle/developing-microservice.md

</plugin>
...
```
{{< c8y-admon-info >}}
Settings for heap and metaspace must be aligned with your settings of `resources/memory` in the microservice manifest
file `cumulocity.json`. You have to be sure about the effect those parameters might have. Those parameters are directly
used for the microservice start without further verification. For example be sure that the heap values meet the
condition: Xms < Xmx.
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

##### Setting parameters on command line {#package-goal-command-line}

For information about how and whether it is possible to set parameters on command line refer to column

> "Parameter command line name" of table in chapter [Package goal](/microservice-sdk/java/#package-goal).

Reviewer: @jend-c8y "of table" sounds weird. Is there only one table in this chapter? Then it should be "of the table". Or did you want to add a table name/heading here?

Author: "the" is then missing. You are right.

Author: Done!

> "Parameter command line name" of table in chapter [Package goal](/microservice-sdk/java/#package-goal).

Author: ```suggestion
"Parameter command line name" of the table in chapter [Package goal](/microservice-sdk/java/#package-goal).
```

###### Primitive configuration values {#package-goal-command-line-primitive-data}

Primitive configuration values or lists can be set on the Maven command line directly as usual for Maven command line
properties. Items of lists are specified with `,` as separation character.<br>
<br>
Example:
```sh
-Dskip.agent.package.rpm=true
-Dagent-package.arguments=XX:+PrintCommandLineFlags,-XX:+UseCompressedClassPointers,-XX:+UseCompressedOops
```

###### Complex data types as for heap and metaspace parameter {#package-goal-command-line-complex-data}

Properties must be used if you want to specify data of complex data types on the command line. This is the case for
memory data like heap and metaspace. In this case you have to specify each primitive value separately as pom property

> git checkwhich is then used inside the configuration of the microservice-package-maven-plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which is then used inside the configuration of the microservice-package-maven-plugin.
```
